hello YouTube I've had the 11-inch
macbook air for two weeks now and I
replaced my 13 inch with that 11 and the
first thing I noticed what's the sound
the 11 inch air definitely doesn't sound
as loud as the 13 air that there's a
huge difference in that there's also a
big difference in weight the 11 inch
inch air is a lot lighter and I found
that out because when I was returning
the air I did return it because it
didn't suit me I gotta ruin the whole
point of the video here damn it but
anyway when I picked up the 1330 13 air
I was like whoa this thing is heavier
than I what the than what I remembered
and the thing with the lightweight 11
air is that it barely put off any heat
which is good now to keep it light they
had to put a small battery in it and I
did notice that the battery was not the
battery life was much shorter but the
good thing is the batteries light so it
keeps the macbook light and recharging
the thing is fast I mean you plug it in
you wait 30 minutes and you got enough
to kind of go for an hour or so not an
hour but you know three hours look let's
go on the screen is high res i'm pretty
sure has more pixels than the 13-inch
MacBook so it is high res that's awesome
for someone like me who's still young
and have perfect eyesight not time don't
mean to brag or anything but for someone
like my mom when I was showing her
facebook on this little 11 air just just
in case she knew she wanted one she
didn't like it because the the letters
were too small now I know you can change
the resolution and ya know there is a
full-size keyboard on this 11 air except
for the top key and that did bother me a
little bit because i used the the top
row a lot and it bothered me a little
bit but i know i could have gotten used
to it the trackpad trackpad isn't as big
as the all the other track pads in the
Apple lineup but you can get away with
it storage this was my biggest problem
with his 11 air was storage there wasn't
enough storage I did pick the bottom an
64 gigabyte now I think I would have
gotten away with it if I if I pick the
128 but I I couldn't keep my iPhoto
library in the in the 11 air I have to
stick it in an external hard drive and
just leave it there yeah that sucks i
want my stuff with me all over the place
so i would suggest that if you do have a
big photo library that you want to take
with you and you have an itunes a big
itunes library that you want to take
with you you should also think about
getting the 128 gigabyte 11 here the the
other thing that that kind of killed me
was the I was backing up my iphone my 16
gigabyte iphone 4 and the backup was
seven gigs big and I was running out of
space so I her like for a week I didn't
have my iphone backed up I don't like
that because I get nervous you know I'm
just in case it crashes anyway let's see
i'm just looking at my notes here pro
usage now I did edit a video on this
thing amazing I know it's crazy why
would somebody edit a movie now I did
use iMovie so it was it was simple um
but I did have a lot of trouble I
finished the the video project but it
was painful painful to edit this thing I
mean you drag a clip from your from your
events section you stick it down to your
project and you kind of have to move it
around in the jitters and it jumped all
over the place I didn't like that what
does it I do Oh whenever I play flash
video for some reason it is it just did
jitters like it's like people
are just moving like this the audio is
fine but the video kind of just jitters
like that and the same the same I've
seen the same with a 13 air so maybe
it's just the problem with the air or
the processors or the graphics card I
don't know what it is but I did have
trouble viewing youtube videos flash
videos and I figure out it to fix it
restart the computer and that's the
thing with this is you restart in like
15 seconds that's that's awesome
compared to the imax or the the non SSD
Apple computers whoo okay anyway Oh last
tip is get Daisy disk it's an
application from the mac app store and I
think it's 20 bucks really expensive for
for what it does I mean there are free
solutions but this one looks beautiful
get Daisy this if you do plan to manage
all your all your data into a small
macbook air because you're gonna need it
especially you know when you're like me
and I hit sixty three gigs and you know
I knew I had to keep an extra gig in
there just just in case now with this
specific macbook air I had some troubles
just with this one specifically because
when I open up the box it had
fingerprints and I had just you know I
knew that somebody went through inside
the box while I was unboxing it and and
looking at it somebody went through this
box and and and went through it that's
that kind of concerned me because this
is brand new from the apple store and
the box was scratched and when i when i
booted the the air it did not have any I
life application well then I had to use
the the USB key to stick I life back in
there now I did call apple and they did
say well just return it will will
replace it but that shouldn't happen but
anyway right before I I stuck that USB
right in the macbook air I looked at the
at the back of it and it looks like
somebody already used this USB so I got
a feeling that somebody from the
somebody return this to the apple store
told him it's still brand new never
booted and I guess they believed them
and
that's for the final word I suggest that
if you're a power user do not have an
11-inch macbook air as your only machine
now I think it's fine to have it as a
secondary machine but you should have
you know a more powerful machine than
the 11 air and the portability is nice I
brought it absolutely everywhere with me
you know everywhere I don't know what
how else I can explain everywhere but
everywhere and I suggest you wait for a
couple of months or maybe a couple of
weeks from the recording of this video
just because there's a lot of rumors
that the new macbook air is gonna
release so kind of look look look for
that and I don't know I don't know if
the new air will will fix a lot of
problems I talked about like I don't
know slow speed and battery life and all
that stuff but if it did have a
processor speed boost as in sandy bridge
I 7 or i5 processors that'll help you a
lot with more applications like iMovie
and also if it has thunderbolt now now
everything opens up because you can now
just get a thunderbolt hard drive you
know it doesn't it doesn't it has less
chances of breaking bullets in your
backpack and you're running around or
you know moving around with it because
it's solid state so that could solve
some of the storage issues of the 11 air
but anyway that's it for me guys thanks
for watching and I'll see you again next
time
absolutely everywhere with you just
because of that small form factor you
know you can bring it on the bus you can
bring it in the mcdonalds bathroom while
you take a dump whoa no never mind